completion
==========

Enables and configures smart and extensive tab completion.

This module calls `compinit` for you. Remove any `compinit` calls from your
`~/.zshrc` or other startup files when using this module. An aditional `.dat`
file is generated by this module to more accurately check if your completion
configuration dumpfile is up-to-date.


Initialize this module *after* all modules that add completion definitions, like
[zsh-users/zsh-completions] for example.

Many thanks to [Robby Russell](https://github.com/robbyrussell) and
[Sorin Ionescu](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu) for the original code and to
[Roman Perepelitsa](https://github.com/romkatv) for the improved dumpfile check
code.

Settings
--------

By default, the completion configuration is dumped to `${ZDOTDIR:-${HOME}}/.zcompdump`.
This file is produced to speed up the completion initialization. The file path
can be customized with the following zstyle:

    zstyle ':zim:completion' dumpfile '/path/to/zsh_dumpfile'

The completion cache is stored in the `${ZDOTDIR:-${HOME}}/.zcompcache` directory
by default. This path can be customized to a proper cache directory with:

    zstyle ':completion::complete:*' cache-path ${XDG_CACHE_HOME}/zsh/zcompcache

or

    zstyle ':completion::complete:*' cache-path ~/.cache/zsh/zcompcache

You can also configure case sensitivity for completions and globbing by using
zstyle as described below. By default, case is insensitive. To set just
completions to be case sensitive, use:

    zstyle ':zim:completion' case-sensitivity sensitive

To set just globbing to be case sensitive, use:

    zstyle ':zim:glob' case-sensitivity sensitive

To set both to be case sensitive, use:

    zstyle ':zim:*' case-sensitivity sensitive

Add the zstyles to your `~/.zshrc` before the modules are initialized.

Zsh options
-----------

  * `ALWAYS_TO_END` moves cursor to end of word if a full completion is inserted.
  * `COMPLETE_IN_WORD` does completion from both ends for the cursor.
  * `NO_CASE_GLOB` makes globbing case insensitive (unless configured as above).
  * `NO_LIST_BEEP` doesn't beep on ambiguous completions.

[zsh-users/zsh-completions]: https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-completions
